=head1 NAME

acmefetch - generate ACME based certificates

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<acmefetch> [I<options>...]

     --man           show man-page and exit
 -h, --help          display this help and exit
     --version       output version information and exit
     --cfg=file      alternate config file (not ../etc/acmefetch.cfg)
     --staging       use the server specified in ACMEstaging
     --force         will renew certs even when they are not expired
     --verbose       talk more while working

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Use the services of Let's Encrypt to generate SSL certificates.
Use the F<acmefetch.cfg> file to specify what should be done.

=head1 APACHE NOTES

The ACME protocol requires remote access files stored in your website to verify
that you have control over the website. Since the website may have special ideas about
how it wants to control file access. Some special F<.htaccess> rules may come in handy.

=head2 Exclude from authentication

 AuthType Basic
 AuthName "Protect Everything"
 AuthUserFile /home/demo/htpasswd
 Require valid-user

 SetEnvIf Request_URI ".well-known/acme-challenge" allow
 Order allow,deny
 Allow from env=allow
 Satisfy any

=head2 Skip Rewrite rules

 RewriteEngine On
 RewriteBase /

 RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} !.well-known/acme-challenge
 RewriteRule (.*)  http://localhost:23020/$1  [P]

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2016 by OETIKER+PARTNER AG. All rights reserved.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

=head1 AUTHOR

S<Tobias Oetiker E<lt>tobi@oetiker.chE<gt>>

=head1 HISTORY

 2016-01-20 to Initial Version

=cut
